updated slack link (#3066)
alan-turing-institute/sktime: docs/source/get_involved/mentoring.rst

We accept applications on a rolling basis and we will be in touch with you shortly!

> If you have any questions or get stuck, please don't hesitate to `chat with us on slack <https://sktime-group.slack.com/ssb/redirect>`_, join on of our collaborative community sessions on `discord <https://discord.com/invite/gqSab2K>`_, or email us at info@sktime.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or get stuck, please don't hesitate to `chat with us on slack <https://join.slack.com/t/sktime-group/shared_invite/zt-1cghagwee-sqLJ~eHWGYgzWbqUX937ig>`_, join on of our collaborative community sessions on `discord <https://discord.com/invite/gqSab2K>`_, or email us at info@sktime.org.
```
